Delegated Routing (#8997)
ipfs/go-ipfs: docs/config.md

Contains options for content, peer, and IPNS routing mechanisms.

### `Routing.Routers`

It can contain several Router implementations, such as DHT and delegated routing based on the [reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/master/REFRAME.md).

> Type: `object[string->object]`

Reviewer: We use this notation in other places already,  
it is aimed at people who edit JSON (JS object/map where key is string and value is other object

> Type: `object[string->object]`

Author: I copy it from similar config param, `Swarm.ResourceMgr.Limits` I guess it means a map of objects.

#### `Routing.Routers: Type`

It specifies the routing type that will be created. Supported types:

- `reframe`

> - `dht` (WIP)

Reviewer: I'll make a proper pass over config  on  Monday, I believe we will only have reframe here, but will leave a note that custom `dht` configs are planned for future release.

> - `dht` (WIP)

Reviewer: Updated  `docs/config.md` in 45fa6a8fc, it now lists only `reframe` (`dht` is marked as planned)

#### `Routing.Routers: Enabled`

Flag to disable the specified router without removing it from the configuration file.

#### `Routing.Routers: Parameters`

Parameters needed to create the specified router. Supported params per router type:

- `reframe`
  - `address` (mandatory): Address that will be used to connect to a specified server.
  - `priority`: Priority is used when making a routing request. Small numbers represent more important routers. The default priority is 100000.

### `Routing.Type`

**DEPRECATED:** use [`Routing.Routers`](#routingrouters) instead.

> 

Reviewer: This was added before we limited the scope of this PR  and decided to keep existing DHT config intact.
Updated this line in 45fa6a8fc

Contains options for content, peer, and IPNS routing mechanisms.

### `Routing.Routers`

**EXPERIMENTAL: `Routing.Routers` configuration may change in future release**

Map of additional Routers.

Allows for extending the default routing (DHT) with alternative Router
implementations, such as custom DHTs and delegated routing based

> on the [reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/master/REFRAME.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the [reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/tree/main/reframe#readme).
```

The map key is a name of a Router, and the value is its configuration.

Default: `{}`

Type: `object[string->object]`

#### `Routing.Routers: Type`

**EXPERIMENTAL: `Routing.Routers` configuration may change in future release**

It specifies the routing type that will be created.

Currently supported types:

> - `reframe` (delegated routing based on the [reframe protocol][https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/master/REFRAME.md])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reframe` (delegated routing based on the [reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/tree/main/reframe#readme))
```

Contains options for content, peer, and IPNS routing mechanisms.

### `Routing.Routers`

It can contains several Router implementation, some of them using the [reframe specs](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/master/REFRAME.md).

// TODO add more documentation

Type: `object[string->object]`

> ### `Routing.Type`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `Routing.Type`

**DEPRECATED:** use [`Routing.Routers`](#routingrouters) instead.

```
